So we previously left off building our entire folder structure.
And what I want to start doing now is thinking about configuring our store with us.
We want to create the store and we want to pass that store to our component using the provider component
and configure the router here as well.
But before we start working on the presentation let's think about some of the redux logic that we need.
Let's start in our reducers and let's make a file called indexed.
Yes this is going to be the root reducer that we head to Florida.
So let's import combined reducers from redux and here let's bring in some reducers that we're going
to make.
Well what reducers do we need.
Let's go start with a reducer called errors.
Yes this is going to be a very simple reducer that's going to display errors to the user inside of this
reducer where we're going to first need to create some action types.
So let's think about all the action types that we need.
This application should be able to add an error and remove an error.
These will simply just be some error messages that happen if things go wrong.
We fail to create a message.
So an invalid username and password is whatever it may be.
These are some generic errors.
So let's exploit a constant called an error and that's just going to be the string adder.
We're going to do the same thing with remove our command just like the next occurrence and we'll call
that remove our what other kinds of action types are going to have what we think about what our application
does.
It's going to load a bunch of messages.
And also we should be able to remove messages we're not too worried about that yet.
But there's one more action type that we want to make and that's going to be called said current user
and current user is the idea of the user who is logged in currently.
And that's something that we're going to keep in the story.
We're going to know in the redux or who the user is that's logged in and this will help us navigate
to certain pages and sure that we have the correct user and so on.
We'll call this set underscore current user.
So these action types look good for now but these action types are going to be used in two different
reducers.
First they're going to be used in our errors.
So let's start here.
What do we need instead of this reducer Let's first import those action tapes that we made.
Sobering and add error as well as remove or you worried about what's going to get us to this reducer.
We're not going to worry about the actions yet.
But let's go bring in and these action tapes same thing is action tapes slash index like we saw before.
So we're going to do is X for a default function this will have some kind of state which we can initialize
as an object with a message and a key with a key a message and a value of no we'll assume there's no
error message to start inside of here.
We're going to switch based off of the actual type.
This is the pattern that you see very commonly in your reducers you could use if else statements but
you'll see a switch case statements quite a bit.
So we're going to say if it is the type of add error we'll return whatever our previous date was spread
out that object along with the key of message and a value of action that error inside of here.
We're going to get some kind of new error and we'll put that in to our state.
In the case of remover we're simply going to return a new object and spread outstay.
But message is now going to go back to being all.
And if it's on any of these it's the first redux dispatching action we're just going to return the state
by default.
Have very simple errors reducer right now.
All we're trying to do if we need to add an error or remove an error is a really great way to have a
generic error handler for all different kinds of errors.
Now we just add and remove as we work in different components and so on.
So it's all we're really going to do right here.
Well we also want start thinking about is a current user.
So instead of a reducers we're going to make a new file called Current User dodginess and we're first
going to import our action types of set current user and we'll bring that in from action types and once
again we're going to create some kind of default state.
Previously we did that as a default parameter over here.
But if our object gets a little bit bigger it's sometimes easier to isolate that into a separate variable.
So I make a constant called default state very commonly All C constants all in caps so don't be too
alarmed.
That's just convention.
We're going to make a couple of properties and cited defaults.
We're going to do a boolean called is authenticated that will default to false and another property
called user which is going to start as an empty object.
This will eventually be all the user information when they're logged in.
And this will hopefully be true when the user has logged.
So we're going to use this reducer so that when the user logs in we can easily know who that user is
and B that they've logged in when we log out.
We're simply going to change the user back to an empty object and it is authenticated back to false.
So we want to do here is actually just handle one type which is that set current user first let's export
a default function we'll set that state to be the default state using default parameters and an actual
And here where once again we're going to switch on the action type here.
We'll look for a case of set current user and when that happens we're going to return a new object.
How are we going to change our state.
This one is going to be a little bit tricky in javascript there isn't a very easy way to figure out
from a boolean standpoint if this object doesn't have any keys.
So what we could write is something like it's authenticated is the result.
Let's first make sure we spell it correctly.
That's going to be object Docky is action user data length greater than zero.
So this will turn on its own is a boolean.
If the user is authenticated there's more than one key inside of user which means that length is going
to be greater than zero.
You'll also see some fancier programming where people do not not.
So as I do and that's going to turn an empty object into false or if they're Archy's true.
So we're simply saying is this length zero because we're number zero is falsie and all that these two
nots are doing is converting something into a boolean.
It's the same as using the boolean constructor right here.
So we can read it that way or the other way and you will actually see code like this sometimes.
True or false.
Are there keys or no keys in this object.
The second thing will do is simply make a property called user which is going to be action that user
We're going to get an entire user object inside of this action that's dispatched and then we're going
to play some of it in our redux day and we'll use that information also to determine if the user is
authenticated or not.
Finally if there is nothing inside of here we're just going to default to our initial.
The.
So if there's a car user We're going to return an object with a boolean of his authenticated and or
user object.
You might be wondering how are we going to do laga more actually can run said current user again.
But we're going to pass it and have the object.
That way we don't need another entire action type of current user and remove current user.
You may be wondering where this is all going to fit in.
But this is really just some setup.
So instead of giving you all the code we want you to walk through and ask us questions if you are anything.
So I have a current user producer and an arts producer.
And now it's time to bundle those together.
So I'm going to do that using the combined reducers function from redux inside of my index that yes
what's important reducers current user from that flash current user.
And we'll do the same thing with errors as well.
Import errors.
Commands you to select we'll call that ours.
And here we're going to make a function called reproducer.
And this is going to be the result of combined reducers with all of our producers.
Pass on key current user and evaluate current user since we're using object shorthand.
We'll just let the keys and values be one and we'll pass and errors as well.
And finally we'll export this default route reducer.
So what we've done here with me to reducers one for the current user one for our errors and we've made
it indexed out yes it combines or bundles those reducers into a reproducer and the next screencast will
take these reducers and pass them to our store so we can start configuring and creating our story.